# packages in environment at C:\Users\User\anaconda3\envs\open3D:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
addict                    2.3.0            py38h32f6830_2    conda-forge
async_generator           1.10                       py_0    conda-forge
attrs                     20.3.0             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.1                      py_0    conda-forge
bleach                    3.2.2              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.12.5            h5b45459_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.12.5        py38haa244fe_1    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
deap                      1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1003    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h546665d_1    conda-forge
greenlet                  0.4.17           py38h294d835_2    conda-forge
icu                       67.1                 h33f27b4_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        3.4.0            py38haa244fe_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        3.4.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
intel-openmp              2020.3             h57928b3_311    conda-forge
ipykernel                 5.4.2            py38h7b7c402_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.18.1           py38h1cdfbd6_1    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                7.6.3              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.0           py38haa244fe_2    conda-forge
jinja2                    2.11.2             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0                      py_2    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.0.0                      py_2    conda-forge
jupyter_client            6.1.11             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.2.0                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyter_contrib_core      0.3.3                      py_2    conda-forge
jupyter_contrib_nbextensions 0.5.1            py38h32f6830_1    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.7.0            py38haa244fe_1    conda-forge
jupyter_highlight_selected_word 0.2.0           py38h32f6830_1002    conda-forge
jupyter_latex_envs        1.4.6           py38h32f6830_1001    conda-forge
jupyter_nbextensions_configurator 0.4.1            py38h32f6830_2    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.1.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.3.1            py38hbd9d945_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0                     7_mkl    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0                     7_mkl    conda-forge
libclang                  10.0.1          default_hf44288c_1    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 he774522_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0                     7_mkl    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h1d00b33_2    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h8d14728_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.2.0                hc10be44_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               hf5bbc77_3    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.33               h65864e5_2    conda-forge
lxml                      4.6.2            py38h292cb97_1    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libgfortran     5.3.0                         6    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libs            5.3.0                         7    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libs-core       5.3.0                         7    conda-forge
m2w64-gmp                 6.1.0                         2    conda-forge
m2w64-libwinpthread-git   5.0.0.4634.697f757               2    conda-forge
markupsafe                1.1.1            py38h294d835_3    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.2.2                         1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.2.2            py38hbe5506b_1    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py38h294d835_1003    conda-forge
mkl                       2020.4             hb70f87d_311    conda-forge
msys2-conda-epoch         20160418                      1    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 6.0.7            py38haa244fe_3    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.0.3            py38h32f6830_1    conda-forge
numpy                     1.19.5           py38h0cc643e_1    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46               pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
open3d                    0.12.0                   py38_0    open3d-admin
openssl                   1.1.1i               h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
packaging                 20.8               pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.2.1            py38h4c96930_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.11.3.2             h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.4.2                      py_1    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pip                       20.3.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
plyfile                   0.7.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.9.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.11             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.11               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pygments                  2.7.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.12.3           py38h7ae7562_4    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18                  pypi_0    pypi
pyqtchart                 5.12                     pypi_0    pypi
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyrsistent                0.17.3           py38h294d835_2    conda-forge
python                    3.8.3           cpython_h5fd99cc_0    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.8                      1_cp38    conda-forge
pytz                      2020.5             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pywin32                   300              py38h294d835_0    conda-forge
pywinpty                  0.5.7            py38h32f6830_1    conda-forge
pyyaml                    5.4.1            py38h294d835_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     21.0.1           py38h7a0e47e_0    conda-forge
qt                        5.12.9               hb2cf2c5_0    conda-forge
qtconsole                 5.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qtpy                      1.9.0                      py_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              0.24.1           py38ha09990b_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.6.0            py38h5f893b4_0    conda-forge
scoop                     0.7.1.1            pyh864c0ab_4    bioconda
seaborn                   0.11.1               h57928b3_0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.11.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
setuptools                49.6.0           py38haa244fe_3    conda-forge
six                       1.15.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.33.0               h2a8f88b_0  
statsmodels               0.12.1           py38h347fdf6_2    conda-forge
terminado                 0.9.2            py38haa244fe_0    conda-forge
testpath                  0.4.4                      py_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             2.1.0              pyh5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               h8ffe710_1    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1              py38h294d835_1    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.56.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2020f                h52ac0ba_0  
vc                        14.2                 h21ff451_1  
vs2015_runtime            14.27.29016          h5e58377_2  
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.36.2             pyhd3eb1b0_0  
widgetsnbextension        3.5.1            py38haa244fe_4    conda-forge
wincertstore              0.2             py38haa244fe_1006    conda-forge
winpty                    0.4.3                         4    conda-forge
xlrd                      2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h62dcd97_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                he774522_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.3                h0e60522_3    conda-forge
zipp                      3.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11               h62dcd97_4  
zstd                      1.4.8                h4e2f164_1    conda-forge
